Class: Game

Start Method: 
Starts the game simulation.
Initiates the game simulation by running rounds until there are only two players and one of them the murderer.
Each round is played using the play_round method. If only two players remained the game will end
 and the murderer is the winner.If the play_round returns a Game Over message the game ends with game over message.

accuse_player Method: 
Allows the user to accuse one of the suspected players based on their visited places and weapons.
Parameters: suspected_player1 (nested list): Information about the first suspected player,
suspected_player2 (nested list): Information about the second suspected player.
Returns: Player: The accused player.

check_murderer Method: 
Checks if the accused player is the murderer.
Parameters: accused_player (Player)
Returns: bool: True if the accused player is the murderer, False otherwise.

choose_murder_place Method: 
Chooses a murder place randomly from the last visited places of the murderer.
No parameters.
Returns: str: The chosen murder place.

choose_victim Method: 
Chooses a victim from the list of alive players based on the murder place.
Parameters: murder_place (str): The murder place.
Returns:  Player or None: The chosen victim if found, None otherwise.

initialize_game Method: 
Initializes the game state by calling method that selects the murderer from the list of alive players.
No parameters.
Returns: None

murder Method: 
Chooses a victim from the list of alive players and murder him
based on a random place of the murderer last visited places.
Deletes the victim from the list of alive players and prints the murder details.
No parameters.
Returns: bool: True if murder is successful, False raises No Players In Murder Place Error.

play_round Method: 
Simulates a game round, allowing players to visit places and handle murder accusations.
Iterates over each alive player, allowing them to visit places. Checks if a murder has occurred.
If so, prompts user player to suspect and accuse players . Returns 'Game Over' if the accused
player is the murderer, 'no murder' if no murder occurred, or 'continue' to indicate the game
should proceed.
Returns: str: 'Game Over', 'no murder', or 'continue'.

select_murderer Method: 
Chooses a murderer from the list of alive players and saves it in the game variables.
No parameters.
Returns:None

suspect_2_players Method: 
Allows the user to suspect two players and choosing random places and weapons of them.
Returns:  A list containing information about the suspected players, places, and weapons.

